[PL-133945] move nginx's common configuration up in the templated configuration file (#1712)
flyingcircusio/fc-nixos: changelog.d/20250813_113819_PL-133945_nginx-append-to-commonhttpconfig_scriv.md

<!--

A new changelog entry.

Delete placeholder items that do not apply. Empty sections will be removed
automatically during release.

Leave the XX.XX as is: this is a placeholder and will be automatically filled
correctly during the release and helps when backporting over multiple platform
branches.

-->

### Impact

- The Nginx worker processes will be restarted while applying this change due to changes to it's configuration. Since nginx can handle this using a hot reload, we expect no effective down-time.

### NixOS XX.XX platform

> - Adjust the nginx configuration by moving general configuration like log formats up above the server configuration blocks (PL-133945)

Reviewer: > so that for example log formats can be reused in the virtual hosts.

I suggest that you mention this improvement in the changelog as well.

Suggestion:
```suggestion
- nginx: platform-defined general configuration directives like log formats have been moved up above the server configuration blocks, allowing their re-use in virtual host config (PL-133945)
```
